# TonaCV.github.io
Personal Website
Title: Distancing

Distancing is a film imagined, designed, shot and edited in 30 minutes. It is a quick and dirty version of a kind of video which became immensely popular with the rise of popularity of zoom. The format is a group of people in a grid of videos, each "actor" is in one of the squares of the grid being recorded through their own webcam. Importantly, the actors are in different places, necessary because of the social distancing regulations caused by the pandemic. In this video the actors interact across the grid, performing actions that make it seem like they are in the same place. In this specific video the interactions are of 4 actors handing different objects to each other across the gird. We had to find items which all of us owned, and we could retrieve immediately because of the short time we had to create the video.

The website is specifically designed to highlight the video. Everything in the website is somehow related to the video, interacts with it, or gives the user more content about the video. I want to create an experience in which the user can have control of the flow of the video. Even though it is an uninterrupted 1:30 of video, the truth is that it is actually 5 different videos stitched together. With the buttons above the video I wanted to give the user the opportunity to experience the videos not as a whole, but as individual units. There is no narrative in Distancing, the order is dynamic and giving the power to the user to experience the original video, or to jump around the snippets highlights the individuality of each section. Highlighting this individuality was important to me because one of the bit parts of creating the sections, was coming up with ways to make them stand out from the rest. The first way we did this was by changing objects. This immediately puts the idea across that once we change objects we have moved on to a different act. Our reactions, the order in which we pass things, throwing them or lightly handing them over, where all explicit attempts at being flexible and creative in what at first glance might seem a very rigid medium.

I decided to create galleries, instead of other more descriptive pages because I thought these galleries did a better job of highlighting the essence of the video. I also picked some photos specifically because they were derpy and funny. I wanted to highlight with the galleries, that even when we were 4 people who barely knew one another we still managed to come up with a cool video, and importantly we had so much fun doing it. 

I wanted to create a website which showed both my newly gained technical skills and which was fun to interact with. I decided to draw the little purple monster from a need for graphics and also the desire to attempt to create them myself. Even though it is for sure not a beautiful drawing, I think it gives the website a feel which is completely unique to me. I wasn't going for perfection, I was going for experimentation and fun. If anything I am sure I succeeded in at least doing those two things. I went through so many iterations of the website I cant even count them. Moving things around, changing the way I displayed certain things. It was deeply frustrating at times, and I can safely say that even though I love the resulting website I created, I was expecting to be able to make something much more grandiose. I had this idea in my mind of moving parts, animated characters walking across the screen, text moving around as you mouse over it, creating a drawing board on my website. In hindsight, I am confident in saying that what I managed to do is really good even if the site didn't turn out to be the crazy idea I had in my mind. I learnt so many new skills in the process and that is perhaps the one expectation which I had for this project which was fulfilled. I learned the basics of how to use three new languages, I dipped my toes into drawing with photoshop and even creating gifs.
